Update staking withdraw (#46)
subspace/protocol-specs: docs/decex/staking.md

## Stake Withdrawals

Any registered operator or nominator may initiate a withdrawal of their stake from the pool by submitting a `withdraw_stake` [extrinsic](interfaces.md/#withdraw_stake) which support different types of withdrawal:
- All, withdraw all the stake
- Percent, withdraw a given percentage of the stake
- Stake, withdraw a given amount of stake (i.e. balance)
    The stake is calculated by the share price at this instant, it may not be accurate and may withdraw a bit more stake if there is reward happen later in this epoch
- Share, withdraw a given amount of share

>  If the stake after withdrawing below the operator's `minimum_nominator_stake`, the nominator is completely unstaked, however the operator cannot withdraw below the `MinOperatorStake`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If the nominator's stake after withdrawal results below the operator's required `minimum_nominator_stake,` the nominator is automatically completely unstacked. Contrary, the operator cannot withdraw below the `MinOperatorStake`.
```
